Critical Topics
HTML
What are HTML elements?
-fundamental unit of html, can contain text or images etc. Things suchs as paragraphs.

What are HTML element attributes? What are some examples of HTML attributes and what do they do?
-attributes are used to configure elements, if you don't add attributes they will have default values. One example
of an attribute would be the input of type, "password"
(<input type="password")

In an HTML element, what does the id attribute do? The class attribute?
-the id attribute is used to uniquely identify an element, each id is unique
-the class attribute is used to categorize elements, multiple elements can belong to a class

What is an inline element? A block element? What are some examples of each?
-an inline element is an element that will sit on a line with other elements without breaking the flow of a doc
    (hyperlinks, images, strong, emphasis)
-a block element starts on a new line and takes up the whole width of its containing element
    (paragraphs, headings, tables, lists, list items)

How do semantic HTML elements help developers markup content?
-then help by organzing the html and making it more human readable

Usage of specific elements:
(use id and/or class to label what a generic element is supposed to be)

How are div elements used? How do they differ from elements like article or p?
-divs are generic block elements, they can be used when your content isn't a paragraph, table, or hyperlink
    articles and paragraphs contain text elements

How are span elements used? How do they differ from elements like a or b?
-span elements are generic inline elements to help label specific text
    (call us at <span class="phone">(777)777-7777</span>)

Creating forms in HTML:

In form elements, what is the method attribute used to specify? The action attribute?
-the method attribute specifies how to send the form data (ie get or post)
-the action attribute sets the route for the information to be sent to

List the various types of input tags. How do you set an input tag’s type?
-you set inputs type with type="type"
-text, radio, checkbox, select (dropdown), textarea

For an input tag, what does the name attribute do?
-it sets the name of the fields

***for attribute of a label element should be the same as id of related element***

CSS
In CSS, what is a selector? A property? A value?
-a selector determines where a rule will be applied (can use tag name, #id, or .class)
-a property is a thing you can set (general ie margin, block, inline/text, font, background)
-a value takes fixed keywords or other values to set how a property will show up (px, em, %, etc)

What is the difference between combining selectors and descendent selectors?
-descendent selector matches all elements that are descendents of an element
-combining selectors combines elements and class, or elements and ids of that type

For block elements, what attributes are applied to all four sides?
-margin, border, and padding

What is the Order of Precedence in CSS?
-specificity rules then top to bottom order (ie id, class, element, then top to bottom)

Flask and Jinja2
What is the request object in Flask? What can you use it for?

In Flask, how do you access form values for a POST request? How about for a GET request?

What is Jinja? What does the function render_template do?

Jinja syntax to know

For-loops

If-statements

Showing text with Jinja

Setting HTML attributes using Jinja

Template inheritance (using a base.html to create consistency)

How the Web Works
When you type a URL into a web browser, what happens?

Be able to explain this in your own words, hitting each main concept from the lecture.

What are the five main components of a URL?

What is the difference between a GET request and a POST request?

Cookies and Sessions
What is a cookie? What is a session? How are the two different?

APIs and Requests Library
What is an API? What does API stand for?

What are some examples of web-based APIs?

What is an API endpoint?

What are the core tenets of REST in the context of APIs?

How can you keep your API access tokens out of git? What should you do if you accidentally add your API tokens to git?

Why is it bad to push your API tokens to git?

Testing
What are doctests? How do you create and run them?

What is the difference between a unit test and an integration test?